#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass revtex4-2
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Example nonlinear analysis of a moving coil; speaker
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Stephen C.
 Thompson
\end_layout

\begin_layout Affiliation
Graduate Program in Acoustics, The Pennsylvania State University, University
 Park, Pa.
 16802
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
November 27, 2022
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The information contained here uses Simscape components from the Foundation
 Library and from the Acoustical Library for Simscape to model the performance
 of a moving coil loudspeaker.
 The components go beyond simple linear behavior to include several nonlnearitie
s.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As of the date of this report, the Acoustical Library fro Simscape includes
 components that model the following nonlinearities
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\family typewriter
BL_of_x
\family default
 - models the fact that the electrical to mechanical Force Factor 
\begin_inset Formula $BL$
\end_inset

 is a function of the speaker displacement 
\begin_inset Formula $X$
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\family typewriter
K_of_x
\family default
 - models the fact that the mechanical stiffness 
\begin_inset Formula $K$
\end_inset

 of the speaker cone is a function of the speaker displacement 
\begin_inset Formula $X$
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\family typewriter
L_of_x
\family default
 - models the fact that the electrical inductance 
\begin_inset Formula $L$
\end_inset

 of the speaker coil is a function of the speaker displacement 
\begin_inset Formula $X$
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\family typewriter
D_of_v
\family default
 - models the fact that the mechanical damping 
\begin_inset Formula $D$
\end_inset

 of the speaker cone is a function of the speaker velocity 
\begin_inset Formula $v$
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The example presented here includes measured data for the first three nonlineart
ies in a particular speaker driver unit.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The files included in this example are
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\family typewriter
SpeakerSubsystemLibrary_1_0_0.slx
\family default
 - A Simscape subsystem library containing two subsystem models.
 One is a simple linear speaker model.
 The second is a nonlinear model that includes hte four nonlinear components
 mentinoed above.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\family typewriter
Examples.slx
\family default
 - A Simscape model file that includes two speaker models operating in parallel.
 One is the linear model from the library above.
 The other is the nonlinear model from the same library.
 Each speaker model includes a sealed enclosure on the back side and a radiation
 impedance on the front side of the cone.
 There are also blocks that calculate the far field radiated pressure from
 each speaker.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\family typewriter
vars.mat
\family default
 - A mast file that contains variables used to provide values to the speaker
 components.
 The particular speaker is one the author is familiar with.
 It is a 3 1/2 in.
 speaker with a rated maximum power output of 25 W.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\noindent
The reader is encouraged to experiment with these models.
 With small drive voltage signals (1 V or less) the output of the linear
 and nonlinear models is similar enough that you need to do frequency analysis
 of the output signals to see the differences.
 For very large drive voltage (say 15 V peak) the differences are large
 enough to be clearly visible in the time waveforms.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
